FireEngine v1.0 Binary Code License Agreement

PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY PROVIDED SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE
TERMS (COLLECTIVELY "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THESE
TERMS, PROMPTLY RETURN THE UNUSED  SOFTWARE TO YOUR PLACE OF PURCHASE FOR A
REFUND.

1. License to Use. Labfire, Inc. ("Labfire") grants you a non-exclusive and
nontransferable license for the internal use only of the accompanying
software, documentation and any error corrections provided by Labfire
(collectively "Software"), by the number of users and the class of computer
hardware for which the corresponding fee has been paid. 

2. Restrictions. Software is confidential and copyrighted. Title to Software
and all associated intellectual property rights is retained by Labfire and/or
its licensors. Except as specifically authorized in any Supplemental License
Terms, you may not make copies of Software, other than a single copy of
Software for archival purposes. Unless enforcement is prohibited by
applicable law, you may  not modify, decompile, or reverse engineer Software.
You acknowledge that Software is not designed, licensed or intended for use in
the design, construction, operation or maintenance of any nuclear facility.
Labfire disclaims any express or implied warranty of fitness for such uses.
No right, title or interest in or to any trademark, service mark, logo or
trade name of Labfire or its licensors is granted under this Agreement.

3. Limited Warranty. Labfire warrants to you that for a period of ninety (90)
days from the date of purchase, as evidenced by a copy of the receipt, the
media on which Software is furnished (if any) will be free of defects in
materials and workmanship under normal use. Except for the foregoing,
Software is provided "AS IS". Your exclusive remedy and Labfire's entire
liability under this limited warranty will be at Labfire's option to replace
Software media or refund the fee paid for Software. 

4. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. UNLESS SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT, ALL EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THESE DISCLAIMERS
ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID. 

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT
WILL LABFIRE OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT OR DATA,
OR FOR  SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,
HOWEVER CAUSED  REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATED TO THE USE OF  OR INABILITY TO USE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF LABFIRE HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In no event will Labfire's
liability to you, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), or
otherwise, exceed the amount paid by you for Software under this Agreement.
The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated warranty fails
of its essential purpose. 

6. Termination. This Agreement is effective until terminated. You may
terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of Software.
This Agreement will terminate immediately without notice from Labfire if you
fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. Upon Termination, you
must destroy all copies of Software. 

7. Export Regulations. All Software and technical data delivered under this
Agreement are subject to US export control laws and may be subject to export
or import regulations in other countries. You agree to comply strictly with
all such laws and regulations and acknowledge that you have the
responsibility to obtain such licenses to export, re-export, or import as may
be required after delivery to you. 

8. U.S. Government Restricted Rights. If Software is being acquired by or on
behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government prime contractor or
subcontractor (at any tier), then the Government's rights in Software and
accompanying documentation will be only as set forth in this Agreement; this
is in accordance with 48 C.F.R.  227.7202-4 (for Department of Defense (DOD)
acquisitions) and with 48 C.F.R. 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DOD acquisitions). 

9. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
unenforceable, this Agreement will remain in effect with the provision
omitted, unless omission would frustrate the intent of the parties, in which
case this Agreement will immediately terminate. 

10. Integration. This Agreement is the entire agreement between you and
Labfire relating to its subject matter. It supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, representations
and warranties and prevails over any conflicting or additional terms of any
quote, order, acknowledgment, or other communication between the parties
relating to its subject matter during the term of this Agreement. No
modification of this Agreement will be binding, unless in writing and signed
by an authorized representative of each party. 

For inquiries please contact: Labfire, Inc. 8175 Big Bend Blvd, Suite 250,
Saint Louis, MO, 63119.
